Add announcement details for KubeCon EU 2025 (#1662)
cert-manager/website: content/announcements/2025-03-24-kubecon-eu-announcments.md

---
slug: cert-manager-kubecon-eu-2025
title: Come see cert-managers at KubeCon EU 2025 in London!
description: Here's all the details you need for cert-manager related events at KubecCon EU 2025.
date: "2025-03-24T12:00:00Z"
---

> KubeCon EU 2025 is right around the corner and if you're lucky enough to be attending in London, we would love to see you!
> Below are all the details of the events we have in London so you can bookmark them all.

Reviewer: nitpick (non-blocking): Minor style suggestion (wouldn't have added this if there wasn't a separate blocker, but feel free to ignore!)

```suggestion
KubeCon EU 2025 is right around the corner and if you're lucky enough to be attending in London, we would love to see you!

Below are all the details of the events we'll be at so you can bookmark them all and join in the fun!
```

## 1) cert-manager Project Pavilion Booth 

Our Project Pavilion Booth is here all week long so come and get your London-edition printed certificate!
We'd love to meet you whether you're a user, contributor, super-fan or if you're just getting started!

- **When:** All week!
- **Who:** Anyone at all!
- **Bring:** Yourself!
- **Details:** Project Pavilion.

## 2) cert-manager Contribfest

- **When:** April 2 14:30 - 15:45 BST
- **Who:** All are welcome to start their journey contributing to cert-manager projects.
- **Bring:** All you need is your laptop and your GitHub account!
- **Details**: See our [previous announcement](./2025-03-11-contribfest-kubecon-eu-2025.md) for full details! Official schedule [link](https://sched.co/1tcxb).

> ## 3) Talk by Tim and Eric

Reviewer: suggestion: I believe Erik's name ends with a "k"!

```suggestion
## 3) Talk by Tim and Erik
```
